You're the girl next door who cheated on my brother
I'll tell you what.
As long as I'm here on this day, you don't even think about entering this door
Now pack your things and get out of here
Even if you are the daughter of the Zhou family
You can't care about me and your brother
Every day, you see it?
How vicious this woman is
Don't drive him away
From now on, there will be no place for you to speak in this family
Weren't you taken away by the police?
How did it come out?
I signed the memorandum of understanding on behalf of my brother
Again
Aunt Liu has taken care of my brother's children for so many years
There is no credit and there is hard work
You slander him first
Take people to the police station again
It's just a wolf's heart
I wronged him, I'm wolf-hearted
What fell on him pushed me over
Which one is not true?
Dao is that your nephew was beaten
Instead, I feel sorry for the running water that beats people
I think you are the wolf-hearted dog